what's going on guys so I by blade here
hopefully you guys are having to go in
and this is week 122 of my top 5 19
piece of the weekend when I asked for
advanced warfare clips oh man did you
guys delivered we have an insane lineup
for you guys so without further ado
let's go and jump into this week's top 5
kicking us off this week at the number 5
spot we got BSB dare playing some
momentum on Detroit picking on his first
attack knife stabbed in the hallway
right here looking across the room he
fires his first spike true and picks up
that kill heading deeper into the
hallway is gonna pick up three more
spike trends for the five on screen with
the quad spike at the number four spot
for this week we've got ink hablo
playing some momentum on bio lab looking
down in the hallway right here is going
to start firing off all the spike trends
and picks up the on screen quad spike
with the multi kill on phase McCall
along with three other enemies as well
at the number three spot for this week
we've got X jmx Astro one of our newest
recruits very happy to have him just
pick him up a few days ago he's got to
spy drone kills right there turns around
and picks up the split triple looking to
the left of the staircase gets another
right there and then looks up the
staircase for the quad on screen turns
around picks up one more right there is
going to pick up one more spy drone kill
right after he dies for seven kills
overall on defender of all maps I'll
runner up this weekend number two spots
going to be X jmx stunts playing some
momentum on Detroit missing both of his
spiked run so he's going to call those
back to him and pick up a boomerang
triple fee missing one more time he's
going to boomerang the fourth as well
for the quad spike drone feed all
boomerang kills I have never seen poor
accuracy pay off so well in my entire
life and finally at the number one spot
for this week we've got butcher axe
playing some momentum on terrace picking
up the spike drone triple feed with the
boomerang for the third piece of a TAC
knife stab right there for the quad
fires to spike drones towards the enemy
and boomerangs up fifth right there for
the five on screen slows it down a
little bit for a little bit of a
struggle with the stabbed right here but
he does pick up that last six kill right
there with the 5 on screen he's going to
spawn near the objective boost over to
the staircase pop a stunt to the drapes
right here as he flanks the enemy and
this like he's going to pull up a quad
spike drone feed with the multi kill two
feeds two lives that's what I like to
see anyways guys this has been an insane
week and an awesome first week of
advanced warfare only clip so hopefully
we can pull it off again next week with
some even crazier stuff if you have a
clip you like submit just be sure to
read the instructions on your screen
drop me a link and i'll take care of the
rest as always say yes so much for
watching thanks everyone to submit it as
wealthy as take it easy peace
you